This season on "Girlfriends'
Guide to Divorce"...
What? Carl!
-The gigolo!
-He's a companion.
You made a wonderful man
who I love.
Guess who's almost
done with her book!
Have you called Delia?
Albert was your cry
of independence.
Go, run off to a new city.
But you're still gonna
want your freedom...
because that's who you are.
You should seriously
reconsider
being a part of my wedding.
You all need to make up
before her big day.
I don't understand
how you're so calm about this.
I'm worried
he's gonna hurt himself.
I promise you, no one
is abandoning your father.
I think JD's living here now.
I feel closer to him
than I've ever felt to any man.
So back off,
because
he's not going anywhere.
No, no, no Delia talk
right now.
Will you tomorrow
when you wake up and you realize
that you skipped out
on your friend's wedding?
I freaked out on you
because of my own shit.
Delia, I am so sorry.
I cannot stop imagining
how we might be together.
God help me,
I am in love with you.
This came via messenger.
You and Albert--you look
like you were having fun.
-I've been terrified.
-You've been terrified?
Of what,
someone that would give you
anything that you wanted?
Gordon, this whole time
all I've wanted is you!
This book is gibberish.
Just tell me how long you need,
when you can get me a do-over.
Do-over?
The whole book?
The only thing
I can think of
is going out
and telling everybody
that the wedding is off
because the bride is a whore.
[sobbing]
I'll do anything.
Please, just tell me
what you want.
We are going downstairs,
and we are going to
walk down that aisle.
You are gonna pretend to be
a perfectly respectable bride.
[somber music]
♪ ♪
[solemn pop music]
♪ Dun dah dah,
dah dah ♪
♪ Dun dah dah, dah dah ♪
♪ I been thinking... ♪
I don't understand
what's happening.
-Where's Gordon going?
-[tearfully] He left.
Someone sent him pictures
of me and Albert.
Oh, honey, that's horrible.
This whole thing
is just a show.
He called me a whore.
What?
You wanted us
to go down in flames!
You got your wish!
Okay, uh, we are gonna
ride with her.
Yeah,
that would be good.
Hey, you, do not fall down
that rabbit hole.
You did not make
this happen.
-Unless you sent those pictures.
-Jo!
-Did you send those pictures?
-What?
You've been acting
a little crazy lately.
Okay, we've got to get back
to the reception.
-Come on.
-What reception?
Gordon's not even here.
Yeah, well,
there are a few details
we need to iron out.
♪ Maybe it's forever...♪
♪ ♪
Look who popped in.
-Ah!
-Daddy!
Yay!
Ohh...
mwah!
Oh...
Charlie.
Wait a minute.
I don't understand.
How can you be--I left,
you were like this big.
Now you're a monster!
And you smell!
[laughs]
16 hours on a plane.
It was either shower...
or get to give you...
[smooches]
Kisses.
I'd take kisses every time.
It's good
to see you, brother.
And I do mean brother,
since you seem to have
fathered a child of color.
Yes. I believe
I have magic loins.
-[laughs]
-Where's Lilly?
-Where's my girl?
-At the wedding.
Delia, Gordon--
that's today.
Weddings are barf.
Agreed.
Thanks for taking care
of my little man.
And seriously, we got to, uh,
go have a drink,
get caught up.
I mean is, uh...I mean,
is Max ever coming home?
He comes out every
weekend he can, you know.
But, yes, we will
definitely go drinking.
Oh, and, uh, Abby--
she's been, uh,
having a time.
You hear me?
Yeah. Okay.
[cell phone chimes]
Thanks for the heads-up.
All right.
Bye, boys.
-Say bye to your uncle.
-Bye!
[line trilling]
-We need a game plan.
-Alcohol.
Get the bartenders
to pour double shots.
Get the people buzzed enough
that they don't notice
that Gordon is AWOL.
It buys us some time.
Love it. Give me a heads-up
if you see Scott, will you?
So I can, uh, ghost.
He told me
he's in love with me.
-So what did you say?
-I handled it very maturely.
-You ran away?
-Yeah.
Jo, you guys have known
each other a long time.
-I know.
-And all your fighting...
It's a little
sexy-sexy.
[whispering]
It is. It is so sexy.
[normal voice]
I like the guy, but I just--
He's such a train wreck,
and I don't want to go there.
And I really need you
to help me avoid him, okay?
-Okay.
-Okay?
Okay.
Don't give me
that look, woman.
No. I like the idea
of something nice
happening for somebody.
Kat told me my book
was a disaster.
It's a total do-over.
-Shit.
-Uh, basically,
while all this is going on,
I have been fighting...
crippling waves of panic.
Oh, honey, you will fix it.
You always do.
Handsome, uh,
there's been a delay here,
so I think I need
you and your buddies
to be extra generous
with the pours
so the natives
don't get restless.
You got it.
I will spread the word.
-Thank you.
-There you are.
Delia is asking
for all of us.
-Okay.
-Mm-hmm.
I don't want
to be mad at you.
Oh...be whatever
you want, hon.
I've been a sucky friend
to all of you,
and you have
a real situation here.
I'm not mad at you.
I love you,
and I yelled at you
because I really wanted
to yell at myself,
'cause this is all my fault.
[sniffles]
Well, I love you too,
and--
Albert or his wife
or whoever sent those pictures--
I deserve this.
-This is Karma.
-Untrue.
Nobody deserves what Gordon
just put you through.
I told him
that the affair was a reaction,
that it made me realize
how much I want him.
And he said that he might
want an annulment,
but he--he probably's
gonna change his mind.
[cries]
He could.
I mean, and I think
it's just gonna
take some time.
What can we do now
to help?
[crying]
I don't know!
I mean, how do you celebrate
the shortest marriage
in history?
I say one of us
goes down there
-and tells everyone the truth.
-No, no, no, no.
He doesn't want his friends
and family
to know that his wedding's
a total sham.
But a reception
is about a bride and a groom.
And with Gordon gone,
that's like...
Only one of the Olsen twins
showing up on the red carpet.
It's the least
I can do for him--
a quiet breakup
in a couple of months.
[sniffles]
Everybody's gonna be really sad,
but can you imagine?
The shitstorm of gossip
and speculation that starts
once folks find out
he took off?
[whispering]
Nightmare.
All right, we're just
gonna have to make this work.
I'm down, but how?
We're gonna make it
distracting and quick.
We're gonna feed 'em,
street 'em--90 minutes, tops,
before anybody
can ask any questions.
-Who is with me?
-I am so in.
Okay. I'm gonna go talk
to the wedding planner.
Operation Obfuscation
is under way.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
So...the wedding planner quit.
God, I always hated her.
Whatever.
We got this.
We got it.
Are you ready?
-As I'll ever be.
-Good. Okay.
Barbara,
can you handle Gordon's mom?
Uh, uh, sure.
Okay, let's do it.
Okay.
-Carol, Delia sent me--
-Where are they?
People are milling.
It's not good
when people are milling.
Everything is fine.
[applause]
Thank you all so much
for all your love
and support,
but I have unfortunate news.
All this excitement
has gotten to Gordon, and...
His stomach is...
He's not keeping his food
down, if you know what I mean.
-He's got the runs.
-He's down for the count.
But he has implored me
to implore you
to enjoy the meal
and the entertainment
we've planned for you.
That's the best gift
you could give him.
Okay, uh, dinner
will be ready soon,
so, uh, let's get
the party started!
-Yeah!
-Yay!
Congratulations.
[indistinct chatter]
Hi.
Uh...
you're in charge
of the grub, yeah?
I'm the chef,
and this is hardly grub.
Here's the deal--
no more sit-down dinners.
We're gonna go buffet style.
So I want salads, entrées
all on serving tables at once.
No buffet.
That is impossible.
Pork loin does not sit well.
Gordon Ramsay, I, myself,
know the grub business.
So suck it up
and make it work,  entiendes?
Gracias.
Whoa! Hello, gorgeous.
Love me yet?
[jazzy lounge music]
♪ I'm crazy ♪
♪ I'm crazy for...♪
Rat Pack style--
love it.
But the bride would like
to kick it up a bit,
you know, get a little
dance vibe going?
Okay.
So what's up?
Do we have
a runaway groom?
Uh, I can neither
confirm or deny.
But the bride would like
to hear, for example,
"Sugar Walls"
by Sheena Easton
or "Atomic Dog."
Ah, Easton,
George Clinton--
the bride's got
some serious taste.
Oh, well, those are
actually my choices.
Uh, anyway, I need it fast,
funky, and sweaty,
and I need it now.
Oh, do you really, now?
Yeah.
Now.
Hey, slow down, beautiful.
What's your name?
♪ When I hear music... ♪
Sexy on a biscuit.
-Mmm!
-♪ You got the music ♪
Hey.
What are you doing?
Capturing moments,
you know?
More intimate
than pictures.
Bad idea?
Uh-oh.
No, it's, uh--
it's lovely.
It's beautiful.
[sighs]
Delia got the jitters
and cheated on Gordon,
and he found out,
and he left.
So he's--he's gone.
Oh. That's pretty bad.
Beyond.
I don't know--
sometimes it feels like
falling in love is a...
trick.
It fools you into thinking
forever thoughts,
but does it ever
really last?
It's going to with us.
How do you know?
I just know.
We're gonna
grow old together,
and when one of us dies,
the other one's gonna die
of a broken heart right after...
or liver failure...
or an appendiceal tumor,
because we can't live
in a world
that doesn't have
both of us in it.
[gentle music]
♪ ♪
That's the sweetest thing
anyone's ever said to me.
How's our girl?
Uh, Delia is, uh,
she's hanging tough.
What's going on
with Scott?
As if things
couldn't get any worse.
-That bad?
-Hello, ladies.
[slurring] I guess my invite
got lost in the Interweb.
This is nice.
This reminds me
of our nuptials.
Not really.
Our wedding was a crapfest.
Disaster.
You stay on Delia.
-Mm!
-Come here.
What the hell, Frumpkis?
What are you doing here?
You smell like a subway urinal.
You have got to go.
I will.
I will, I will, I will.
But I just--I need to give
some valuable advice
-to the husband of the bride.
-Oh...
No, some mental grooming
for the groom, if you will.
That's not gonna happen...
[piano music playing]
Anytime soon--
Excuse me.
Would you mind?
We're talking here.
Your daughter is here.
Your daughter, okay?
-Hmm...
-What's going on?
Get it together!
I'm sorry.
I'm just not feeling so--
When was the last time
you had anything
besides a liquid diet?
-Do beer nuts count?
-Oh, you asshole.
-Silver Fox is on the move.
-Oh. Mm-hmm.
Intercept!
-Carol!
-Hi.
-You look gorgeous.
-Where's Gordon?
If he's sick,
I want to see him.
Oh, he's--
no, he's sleeping it off.
Mm-hmm.
Truth?
He...
tried to drink away
his pre-wedding jitters.
-[cell phone ringing]
-Yes. A lot of jitters.
Jitters? Gordon
has met with heads of state,
the president of Guam.
I just have to take this.
I'm so sorry.
Kat?
Hi, um, I'm kind of still
in the thick of it.
I'll say.
This Jezebel leak is--
Honestly, I don't know
what it is.
-Jezebel leak?
-Yes.
They just went live with
an excerpt from "Us Weekly."
"Secrets
of a Hollywood Gigolo."
He names names.
[laughs]
What?
Including yours.
Oh, God.
Don't tell me it's--
Carl?
I promised our kid
you'd get your shit together.
I need you to nut up
and drink this--come on.
-Ah...
-Ow!
[Scott shouting indistinctly]
Ow! Jesus Christ!
Hey, whoa, whoa, whoa,
wait a minute.
-Hey, listen!
-Shit!
Listen, you've inflicted
enough on this fine woman,
let alone Zooey!
You threw away
two exceptional girls--
your family.
The least you can do is crawl
under a rock and die alone.
[tearfully]
You're right.
It's true.
[normal voice]
Hit me.
Oh, amazing. You even take
the fun out of you getting hit!
-Look, I-I'll show him out.
-No, no, thank you for trying.
But what are we gonna do--
we're gonna throw him out
on the street?
Street? He has a mansion
in Hancock Park.
It's in Charlene's name.
Oh, please,
let me hit him.
[chuckles]
So tempting.
Oh, no, no, no.
-What?
-You're in love with him.
-Oh, my God.
-You are.
-She is?
Why are all
my middle-aged women
falling for hot,
younger guys?
What is this,
upside-down world?
Jo, he does know you
quite well--
Enough, enough.
Look, you get it together
and sober up.
And, you, do your
"charming bakery guy" thing
and stay out of it.
I never paid for sex.
I paid him to talk,
and we didn't.
And then I--you know,
and another time,
I didn't pay him,
and we did.
So, technically,
I-I never paid for it.
Even if I understood
what you just said,
that is a distinction
no one gives a crap about!
I can't believe
he would do this.
Look, look, look,
I-I-I'll take care of it.
I will just try to make sure
this isn't a career killer.
-I'll--I'll spin it somehow.
-"Career killer"?
You know, thank God
you don't have children.
That's all I can say.
-This would be a mess.
-Kat...
I have two--8 and 15.
Have you never read
any of my books?
I have people for that.
Look, I'll look into it.
I'll get back to you.
Carl?
My phone is blowing up.
Why didn't you tell me?
Everybody at SheShe
is flipping out.
I have a friend who,
yes, is a male companion,
but I never
paid him for sex.
I paid him
to talk about his work.
And then you had sex
with him.
On another occasion.
And that was a freebie.
And I realize
as I say that right now
that that doesn't sound
very good.
Do you have any idea
how much time and money
SheShe spent building you
as the sexy,
fun face of divorce?
Well, uh...
I got hot sex on demand...
for a small fee.
[laughs] I-I am a woman
who paid a man to leave.
How is that not fun
and sexy?
You know what Carl
said in the article?
That you were lonely
and desperate,
because after you tried
to get back with your ex
and that failed,
you went after Harris,
and he dumped you.
I guess I over-shared
with him a little bit.
Jesus,
what were you thinking?
Why are you
attacking me, Barbara?
I just--I-I didn't...
I mean,
I thought I still had
some sort of semblance
of a private life.
Well, you were wrong.
[somber music]
♪ ♪
[infant crying]
Hey.
Your--your front door
was open.
Yeah. I left it
open for you.
-Oh.
-No, it was open...
like wide.
Dad called it
"home-invasion bait."
Charlie, no, I didn't--
I didn't--
Okay, I think the TV's on
in the other room.
-Why don't you go pick
a channel?
-Yes!
Okay.
No blood, no boobies.
I-I let him watch TV.
TV.
And then--and then I tried
to feed him Ben & Jerry's.
Anything to stop
the wailing, and--
-It's okay.
-It's not okay.
And I thought I could
do this without Payton
and by myself,
but I can't,
and he's on location,
and the nanny is sick.
So I was thinking just...
just for a second,
just duct tape,
just, like, a little bit
of duct tape...
-Here, let me just take him.
-Right over his mouth.
Give him to me
for a sec.
Hey, buddy, hi!
[chuckles]
Oh, sweet!
He's sweet.
How long have you been...
alone in here?
[voice breaking]
Thursday? I don't know...
Um, ha.
It's a little blurry.
[chuckles]
Given the circumstances,
I know this is an unfair
thing to ask you, but...
can you take him
for a little bit?
-No, Becca.
-Just to the park
or Magic Mountain
or anything?
Jake, I'm worried if I keep
hearing that cry,
I'm gonna dropkick him
out of a window,
and then I'm gonna be like
one of those moms on "Dateline,"
-and then I'm gonna--
-Okay, okay, yes, yes, yes.
I'll take him,
because I care about you, okay?
And we don't want you
to be on "Dateline."
You promise me
you'll get some sleep,
and then you can just
text me when you wake up--
Oh, really?
Okay.
And you will sleep, and you
will text me when you wake up.
-I'm gonna sleep. Oh, God!
-I got him.
Him. What is his name,
actually?
Don't say Taye junior,
please.
Christopher.
It's Christopher.
Christopher?
[silly voice]
Christopher!
Thank you!
Yeah. Um...
at some point, we're gonna have
to also talk about the fact
that I'm not
this baby's father.
I know.
I know. God!
Not now, no,
when you're of saner mind.
-Okay?
-Thank you.
I don't know what
I was about to do.
You're the best.
-Thank you.
-Yes, I am.
-Charlie, we're gonna go, buddy.
-[sighs]
Ah, JD, right?
I have to move the wedding cake
into the dining tent.
Could you look after
this sorry excuse for a human
just while I work
for a bit?
It's very important
to Jo.
I deserve this.
Oh, yeah.
Yep, sure.
Don't we all,
for one reason or another?
Just, um, keep him away
from, uh, humans.
I'm actually very good
at keeping away from humans.
Perfect.
Thanks, mate.
I had a black eye once.
Yeah, a possum did it.
Well, he didn't hit me,
but he tripped me and--
You know what this is?
This is today, guy.
I mean, it starts off
all hearts and flowers...
then boom!
Ah, yeah.
I feel terrible for Delia...
and Gordon.
I mean, she messed up bad,
but, you know,
he--he--the way that
he took off, you know--
Gordon took off?
From his own wedding?
Listen, we have broomed
all the major
bride/groom rituals.
There's no cake cutting,
no first dance,
so we have got this bitch...
♪  handled  ♪
Excuse me, excuse me.
Hello.
Excuse me, excuse me. May I have
your attention, please?
Holy shit, holy shit,
holy shit.
-Yeah, um, I'd like to say...
-Why is her here?
On this sacred,
romantic, and poetic occasion
that love is...
a fraud.
Ha!
You see,
I-I married that woman, but--
No! No, no, Jo.
I need to say this.
-Come here.
-So I married her--
that beautiful woman.
But then I married
another woman
at the same time,
because, you see,
the truth is,
nothing can live up
to--to this--
this promise of forever passion,
forever devotion.
I still love you, Jo.
[whispering]
Oh, God.
But love lied and told me
that I needed more.
[laughing]
So I betrayed you.
I cheated on you.
God, oh, yeah, I cheated on you.
Just like Delia did to Gordon.
She couldn't even make it
to the day!
Oh, my God.
All right.
[guests murmuring]
Oh, yeah, yeah, uh...
the groom's not sick.
Yeah, he's gone.
He--he dumped her.
[guests shouting]
[men grumbling]
I am never
getting married.
Amen to that.
Okay, time to hide.
At least you don't have
to pretend anymore.
Yeah, people are taking
the gifts back,
so there's postage saved.
-Are you okay?
-Yeah, just fine.
Abby...
you need to hold it
together.
I know.
I just...
I'm having
a-a little heart attack.
Oh, my God, well,
do you have any numbness
in your arms
or pain in your chest?
No, it's just
like a-a wave of heat
just hit me
like a ton of bricks, and--
and then I--chills...
-[breathing heavily]
-Oh, honey...
Oh, God.
-I so can't die.
-Sweetheart.
You're not dying.
You're having a hot flash.
Like in menopause?
[softly]
Just like that.
Why does God hate me?
What should we do?
Should we just
get you out of here?
Abby needs water.
I'll be right back.
I'm gonna get a drink.
[knock on door]
I'd like to speak
to Delia, please.
-Oh, God.
-Now's not the best time.
It's okay.
Hi, Carol.
I'm so incredibly sorry.
Oh!
I just talked to Gordon.
I will make him understand
that he has always been
far too good for you.
[solemn music]
♪ ♪
[door closes]
[crying]
[Diamond Head's "Am I Evil?"
playing]
Hey, hey, hey,
hot stuff.
I feel so, uh, liberated
breaking all the DJ rules.
Maybe after this, uh,
crapfest is over,
you and I could get a--
Oh. Hey, um...
you seem nice...
but I am just out of
a hellish marriage myself.
Oh. That sucks.
How long ago?
Three years.
♪ Like a double dozen ♪
♪ Before you,
smells so sweet ♪
♪ Am I evil? ♪
♪ Yes, I am ♪
I know what I want to do.
I want to get shitfaced.
-That can be arranged.
-Mm-hmm.
♪ ♪
-Epiphany.
-Mm-hmm.
You know
the greatest thing
about you guys being
my only friends here is?
Well, we're spectacular.
-Yes.
-Granted.
All the rest of the people
standing are Gordon's people.
[laughs] They're only staying
for the free booze.
-They don't want to talk to me.
-Mm-mm.
You're a free-range
jilted bride, girl.
Yes.
-Let's dance.
-Yes.
[crying]
[knock on door]
Go away!
Can't a woman have
a breakdown in peace?
Abby, it's me.
♪ Love hurts ♪
♪ Love scars ♪
Jake?
♪ Love wounds ♪
♪ And marks any heart...♪
Love eviscerates.
-Love demolishes.
-Yes, it do.
Love is not all that bad.
-Today was the worst.
-Uh...
But romance doesn't always
end horribly.
Oh, shut up, Phoebe.
You're mellowing my harsh.
Hey...
[feedback whines]
Ah. Sorry for that
somewhat shrill interruption,
but after the last toast,
I felt the need to rebut.
I mean,
for me it's always been sex.
Yes, please, sign me up.
But love...nah.
Suckers need only apply.
And then I met this woman...
Oh, God, not again.
This tempestuous
she-devil
Well, I knew that she
stirred things in me,
and not just in
the loinal region.
[guests whooping]
But just in--Jo--
-I will--
-Give it.
Let me guess.
[British accent]
After one epic snog,
you've been magically turned
into a romantic.
[normal voice] And even though
giving your heart to somebody
is a ridiculous, stupid risk,
what would life be if nobody
ever took that chance?
And you, Scott, are here
to say before God, friends,
and people we don't know
that you truly, madly,
deeply adore me?
Yes.
Y-yes, actually.
Well done.
Okay, everybody listen up.
No matter what feelings
I have for this person,
loinally or otherwise,
we're a recipe for disaster.
And he can say he loves me...
[chuckles]
But soon enough...
believe me, sooner or later,
this feeling will pass.
No.
I'm not Robert Frumpkis.
I'm--
But you're Scott.
Man whore.
[softly]
And nobody ever changes.
[normal voice]
We are who we are.
Just snap out of it.
-[scattered applause]
-Whoo! Yeah!
You and Frump
deserve each other.
Best wedding
I've ever been to.
Seriously.
Aw.
[glasses clink]
Is that...
Yeah. That's the baby
that lived in my girlfriend
in your guesthouse
and briefly
in Taye Diggs' ball sack.
And you have him why?
I mean, I'm not...
Let me just see that baby.
[sniffs]
[laughs]
Abby.
Oh.
That's so scrumptious.
Mm.
What's going on?
I mean,
I come to pick up Lilly,
and Frump tells me
that story about Delia,
and then you're in here.
Abby...
-Truth?
-Mm-hmm.
I took on too much.
[chuckles]
You? Really?
Between SheShe
and the book and the kids...
And then trying
to leapfrog
into a new relationship
with Dr. Perfect--
-So not perfect.
-Yeah, so not perfect.
Yeah. That came
to an ugly end,
which we all saw coming.
And then
this little guy...
I mean, that broke
my heart a little bit,
and not because of
my baby stuff, you know,
but because...
because
of the connection to you.
Jake, having you gone
was so much harder than
I thought it was gonna be.
Us married, I get that--
that's over, but...
Me and you...
[softly]
Yeah.
I have a confession
to make.
Oh, my God, don't tell me
there's a Latvian baby.
Yes, there is.
No, no Latvian baby,
but I did not get stuck
in the Helsinki airport.
I got stuck on the floor
of my hotel room.
That movie wrapped,
and this wave hit me.
It was grief.
It was grief over the death
of Jake and Abby 2.0.
I was just hoping
to skip that part, you know,
get to the heal part.
Yeah, me too. I don't think
it works like that.
Obviously.
I mean, this is the--
the face of skipping it.
I screwed
everything up bad.
The book's a mess
because I'm trying
to write about moving on,
and I haven't.
Okay, so feel that.
I mean, I was eating
Latvian carpet.
I didn't...
figure everything out,
but I looked into that big,
black hole of loneliness...
and it's scary as shit.
But I realized
it's not gonna kill me.
Well...
it might kill me.
No way.
I promise.
But you need to give me
the kids for a week or two,
and you need to go take
the time
to not be fine.
And, yeah, part of us
is over.
And I will always
be here for you.
I'll always be here
for you too...
always.
[baby fusses]
Oh, sorry.
-Oh, Jesus.
-Sorry, little baby.
[sighs]
Oh, my God, I forgot
to tell you the worst part.
What's that?
[clears throat]
I had my first
hot flash...today.
-[both laugh]
-Oh, honey.
Why does God hate you?
That's exactly
what I said.
Come here.
[sniffles]
We're gonna be okay.
Um, there is one other
slight wrinkle
that I probably
should mention.
I mean, a gigolo--
for Christ sakes, Abby.
-A companion.
-Gross.
And technically,
I never paid for the act.
I paid him to talk,
and then on a completely
other occasion--
Okay.
Whatever.
It's gonna hit
the Internet.
-What are we gonna tell Lilly?
-I'll talk to her.
No, we'll talk to her.
I don't want you bamboozling her
with your technicalities.
Bamboozling?
Really?
She's gonna be fine.
Who pays for sex--
crack whores?
Uh, well, actually,
crack whores are more likely--
Abby, not a teachable
moment right now.
Lilly, we understand how
incredibly humiliating it is--
Can I just say
that if I were a man
and I had an encounter...
-Abby.
-Unpaid with a professional,
this would
so not be a story.
-Abby...
-Gross.
How could you do this to me?
I mean, the whole time
Dad's been gone,
you've been so weird, like--
And now this?
I mean, I've been holding
her hair back while she pukes,
and she's been fainting
and ending up in the hospital.
-I hate you.
-Lilly.
What? It's your turn.
You deal with her.
She had to hold your
hair back after you puked?
I ate too much cake.
Uh-huh.
And you know what?
She's upset.
-She's gonna calm down.
-Yeah. I don't know.
This is a tough one.
[sighs]
-Family drama?
-Not now, Barbara.
I don't need another one
of your lectures.
Oh, I think you do.
You really screwed the pooch
on this one.
Can you just stop?
Seriously.
I get it.
Now you hate me again.
No, see,
here's the problem.
Yeah, at first,
your "sunny side" divorce crap
made me crazy.
But you wore me down.
I like you,
Abby McCarthy.
I like your friends.
In fact,
you all give me hope.
You make me want to see
the upside of my situation,
which is so not me.
That is so not you.
So now you're the only
person I can stand at SheShe.
[chuckles]
So, if Mitchell fires you,
I'm stuck with him
and his Tim Gunn wannabes.
[laughs]
-Really?
-Really.
So...
I'm sorry that I'm pissed,
but it's because
your brand
has actually been helping me.
I mean, that DJ called me
sex on a biscuit.
I was just a plain old biscuit
before you came around.
Well...
you have to go for that!
The DJ?
What's the worst
that could happen?
See?
Sunny.
Thank you.
I had no idea
I meant that much to you.
Okay.
Mm.
Don't get carried away,
you know.
We still have our door.
-Door.
-Yes.
Closing it.
[both laugh]
[slow mellow rock]
♪ ♪
-You okay?
-Me?
Swell.
'Cause Dad
kind of lost it,
and Scott finally
came to his senses.
Excuse me?
Please, Mom.
Anybody with two eyes can see
he's in love with you.
♪ I made a promise...♪
Well, I guess I have
only one eye.
Yeah. I guess so.
♪ To be there for you ♪
♪ ♪
♪ I'm a lover,
not a fighter ♪
[indistinct chatter]
♪ You know I keep...♪
There you are.
all: Oh...
What is this place?
To Prohibition, ladies.
Poor rich people--they had to
build their own ballroom.
You have missed some other
earth-shattering toasts.
Well...
just, uh, I don't want you
to feel left out.
So I'm gonna make one more.
Um...
[clears throat]
I just...
I know that I haven't made
the best impression
and this is fast,
but, uh, I...
-love Phoebe...
-Aw.
So much, and...
[laughs]
We got married!
At the courthouse
yesterday!
♪ ♪
Well, I guess this reception
wasn't a total waste.
It belongs to Phoebe
and JD now.
Ah, they're pretty
disgustingly happy.
I know, it's so sweet,
so hopeful.
Anybody want to wager
on how long
marriage number three's
gonna last for our little girl?
I hope it works.
If it doesn't,
it better blow up fast
because that love addict
never gets a prenup.
-[laughs]
-Ew.
Sorry. Now I know
you're gonna be okay.
That is the shark talking.
That is the badass,
take-no-prisoners Delia.
-Remember when we met?
-Mm-hmm.
You laid it out.
You said there is
no handbook
for women having the same
amount of power as men
in love and life,
and that is why...
all:
That is why marriage is dead.
[laughs]
Oh, my God, I know.
I went to Gordon's this morning
for a quickie.
-You know what he said to me?
-Hmm?
He said,
"I always knew you wanted
this ridiculous wedding
because you're still a woman."
He did not.
-Oh, I bet he did.
-Oh!
-Hello, ladies.
-There she is.
♪  Hey  ♪
-Koala bear.
-Koala bear!
-Aw.
-Wait a minute.
Ladies,
I got something to say.
And it may be
the champagne talking,
but I think not.
Do tell.
[softly]
I love Gordon so much.
But I do not want
to be married.
Yeah.
♪ So we got
our second chance ♪
You were right.
I sabotaged it.
I am just in this
$25,000 wedding dress
to make Gordon happy.
-What?
-  Veinticinco?
I told you it was ridiculous.
-  Estúpida!
-Okay.
We're gonna resell it,
and you're gonna take us
on a fabulous holiday.
Oh, yes.
Exactly.
Oh...
I'm not the marrying type.
To Delia.
[women laughing]
Who's just happily...
unmarried.
Cheers.
[pop music plays]
♪ ♪
You guys have to come
under here.
It's amazing. It's like floating
in an expensive cloud.
It's so tulle-y.
I don't even know
if you're wearing underwear.
Are you wearing underwear?
Oh, Barbara...
yes!
Get it!
[women whooping]
Abby, can you hold this guy
just for a little bit?
I promised Charlie
some hide-and-go-seek.
Oh, my gosh.
Oh, Jake, do you think
this could be a thing maybe,
where we can stay involved
with the baby?
Maybe not discuss that
right now.
Let's worry about our--
our actual daughter,
who's upset
about Carl the gigolo
and, you know, the puking
and the hospital stays.
So just...
♪ ♪
All right,
the whole gigolo story...
We know.
The whole world knows.
[laughs]
Not like we've noticed.
Oh, my God, I don't want
to make this about me.
Oh, puh-lease.
Honey, I am dying.
What is the story?
Uh, the story.
The story is that I, um--
I made a mess
of my whole life,
and, uh, I tried to be
the perfect, sexy ex.
And instead,
I shamed my family
and may have lost
all my jobs.
-What happens if--
-Hey, you...
you messed up.
Join the club.
Yeah. You always say
we're your family.
Well, that goes
for you too...
and Delia.
We may be an island
of misfit toys,
but we are
your misfit toys.
Oh, hell, yes.
We are here for you.
Thank you.
I just need to face
the deep, dark hole, you know.
Perfect.
Let's fall apart together.
Yeah.
Except Phoebe here.
She's got some
honeymooning to do.
I do.
I think we should dance.
[laughs]
-Let's do this.
-Help me up.
-Oh, Jesus.
-Okay. Here I come.
[Loney, Dear's
"Sinister in a State of Hope"]
♪ Summer night ♪
♪ And I did not hope ♪
♪ ♪
♪ For something I ♪
♪ Couldn't have ♪
♪ You turn me down ♪
♪ Let it happen ♪
♪ ♪
♪ With your hands ♪
♪ Someway I ♪
♪ Let it happen ♪
♪ In a flash ♪
[cell phone vibrating]
[cell phone beeps]
[baby cries]
Hey.
Kids are fried.
-I'm gonna take 'em home, okay?
-Okay.
Have fun.
[baby cries]
Jake...
thank you.
♪ Sinister ♪
♪ In a state of hope ♪
♪ ♪
So, Kat, I-I really--
No, no, no, no,
listen, listen.
Good news.
This Carl business?
Turns out to be
a blessing in disguise.
I mean, the divorce book,
you know, truth be told,
I was this close to killing it,
but, uh, you...
sneaky monkey--
turns out you have
a hot story to tell.
Wait. What?
Abby McCarthy--
man-whore-happy mama.
That's the book.
It's sensational!
Everybody wants
a look inside that world.
I can't write about that.
I have
a 15-year-old daughter
-who reads.
-Well, what can I say?
You know, publish or perish.
[stammers]
I mean, Abby, you're running
out of identities!
Well, I can make
the divorce book work.
I just need more time.
No, sorry, hon,
you ran out of time
when you paid that hunk
to touch your naughty bits.
Jilted and desperate?
Nobody's buying
"life after" advice from you.
But what they will buy
is a super-dirty tell-all
and pay big bucks too!
What about menopause?
Emma Thompson's doing it.
It's too late.
I'm offering you
a last chance--
a memoir.
One middle-aged woman's
adventures in the sex trade.
♪ ♪
Or I think
we've come to an end.
What do you say?
I guess we're done here.
I will do something else.
Not as a writer,
you won't.
♪ Someway I... ♪
You're fired, Kat.
♪ Let it happen ♪
♪ In a flash ♪
♪ In a fla-a-sh ♪
[baby fusses]
Daddy, I'm sleepy.
Can I watch TV?
No, buddy, we're just gonna
drop the little guy off
and go home.
Becca.
She's not here, Dad.
What do you mean
she's not here?
I mean she's gone.
♪ ♪
♪ When all ♪
♪ I want ♪
[cell phone vibrating]
♪ Is a state of hope ♪
♪ ♪
[scoffs]
[cell phone
continues vibrating]
♪ ♪
[girl giggles]